Final Project

Basic Overview

 The assignment is to create a PowerPoint presentation (or other multimedia presentation) on a legendary figure, place, item, or event from world literature (1600 CE or earlier). It should contain roughly 800-1200 words of text and some form or forms of other media (art, music, etc.).  This length requirement will bend a bit depending on the project type, so contact me with any questions you have.

Note that all writing in the project should be original; the projects will be run through Turnitin upon submission, and all distinctive matching information caught by Turnitin must be formatted as a quotation. DO NOT copy-paste material without immediately marking it as a quotation and citing it. Any multimedia (art, music) inserted or linked in the presentation should also include full bibliographic information.

All projects should have:

a title page
MLA style citations/works cited page.
The project's text should be 800-1200 words long or so.
As long as the project has all of these items, you can let your imaginations roam a bit to come up with something really creative.

 Guidelines for Choosing an Topic

 The chosen figure/place/event/item should be known before 1600 CE and  be primarily legendary or mythological, not historical. The presentation needs to include a combination of information and analysis, so make sure  to choose a figure, etc. that lends itself to analysis.

Sources

Required sources:

at least 5 secondary/critical sources; 2 must be peer-reviewed
at least 1 primary source (literary text, artwork) written/created before 1600
DO NOT rely on Wikipedia or About.com as major resources for the project. These can be useful as effective ways to get started, but only use them as a springboard to other stronger resources. The bibliography and further reading sections of Wikipedia pages can be particularly helpful in finding additional sources.
 

Submissions
Rough Draft is due to the Week 8 Forum by Wednesday. The final presentation needs to be submitted by  Sunday, 11:55 PM EST.